# Chorus Pedal
Analog electric guitar chorus pedal that utilizes a PT2399 delay audio processor IC. It features a LFO with speed and depth controls, as well as a dry signal bypass switch.

The chorus effect, as the name suggests, aims to emulate a "choir" sound. This is achieved through modulating delay, as applying a constant delay to a signal does not alter the frequency of the signal. A time-varying delay will actually shift events of the wave (crests and troughs, for instance), which changes the period of the wave. Since frequency is the inverse of the period, a decreasing or increasing delay will cause an increase or decrease in frequency respectively. The varying frequency shifted signals act as distinct voices, eventually getting mixed in with the original signal to form the chorus sound.

## Delay
Electric guitar pedals typically implement delay in one of two ways: an analog bucket-brigade device (BBD) or a DSP chip. BBD chips create a delayed audio signal by passing a sampled audio voltage down a line of more than 1000 capacitor transistor pairs. They are used in some of the most popular delay pedals like the MXR Carbon Copy. However, once common BBD chips such as the MN3207 stopped production, making them rarer and as a result more expensive. Sadly, the high price tag is still reflected in modern functional equivalents from companies such as Coolaudio and Xvive. Moving on to DSP chips, they typically have many capabilities besides just delay, so using an entire DSP chip for just a delay does not justify the cost. So have we run out of options? No! We can meet in the middle and for a fraction of the price with the PT2399. The PT2399 is a dedicated CMOS digital delay processor that features an internal ADC, 44kb SRAM memory to hold samples, and a DAC, but lacks the programmablility of a true DSP. It is adjusted like an analog component; for instance, the delay time changes with the physical resistance seen on one of the pins.

## LFO
Now that we have the delay figured out, we need an LFO to modulate said delay. The LFO I use in my circuit was inspired by the LFO in the Boss CE-2 chorus pedal, and edited to fit my needs. 
Below is the LFO found in the CE-2 pedal: 
